hotline League is brought to you by open
by HP for episode 20 of hotline League
Mark had a crazy I do it live we are
here at the Shelburne South Beach people
- in the audience will show them we are
here at the shelf for in South Beach in
Miami after a lot of stress hopefully
everything goes okay with the show I
don't know if it's going to I think just
explodes yeah
and it I'm looking forward to it but
quite frankly I'm of course joined right
now by mark Zimmerman my constant
co-host how's it going mark pretty good
I'm all Miami doubt as best I could do
yeah white turtleneck and then I kept
the PJ pants cuz that's always what I
wear when it's like a bedroom skype show
but I want to you know make sure I was
comfortable felt at home yeah well you
you look comfortable and like you're
used to being home with that being said
mark are you gonna do your usual like
this this and this coming to you now a
hotline League and then all the omens
stuff plays that already happened oh
that was at the start of the show that
are you happy yeah yeah no no we did it
oh so are we actually starting yes this
is started did you not know we were
streaming mark no I knew we were live
okay I know if we were that was like a
preamble yeah yeah well it was a
preamble but we're getting into the show
all right so we ready for our first
special guest yeah I think so I mean
with that we could just ramble like we
normally do but I think it's actually
quite fun to just bring somebody up yeah
so the first one that we want to bring
on was Jack yes so Jats in the audience
he can come on oh he said he wanted to
go first but I didn't I do he's on his
phone right now yeah he's not even
paying attention to you
okay he does get some cheers okay
because we shot the dive live yesterday
so we to try to do our first live talk
show you think yeah it's not it's not
easy that's for sure that's not easy
yeah good yeah and and I don't know I've
been really enjoying Miami since I got
into to town I think it's quite quite
nice yeah we got some donor euros gyros
had a long discussion on how to
pronounce that
yeah do you know how to pronounce that
word Donner no no the one that comes
after like kebab the one that I just
pronounced two different ways today I
didn't
don't even say goodbye I don't know how
a gyro a gyro a gyro yes yeah I don't
know how to pronounce it so we went to
the Mediterranean place I looked up how
to pronounce gyro beforehand and then we
ordered it and the wage was like gyro
okay
I'll be up to you I I mean if they're
the Rachel I assume they know what's
what's up they just drone us but I'm not
sure well well jet and I small talk
mark you wanna yeah this is what's fun
mark and I because we we want to be able
to pull people from from the audience
and normally the way that the show works
a lot of people don't know this mark
market don't show a quality outfit yeah
this is no twitch app man please we
normally go into discord to pull people
into the chat so that they can have a
conversation with us this time we have
gone ahead and decided to go into the
audience mark will be going out there
fishing people in and you're putting
them way over on there and they're going
over there in the hot seat where they'll
have to talk to us and have the
conversation with them yeah
so you don't really have like topics for
this show do you no no we never do I
mean this one predominately preferably
we would talk about the big event that's
happening this weekend have you heard of
that that's big it's happening at
Fillmore who's your favorite my favorite
who do you think will win who know I
throw we're diving straight into that I
figured a guess will bring up I think
team liquid will win by what series
score what's that what's the series
score well here well into that in just a
second we have okay hello go ahead and
introduce yourself what's going on your
name is also Travis yes I met you in MSI
when it was in Italian 2015 Travis where
you calling from
I'm calling originally from Jacksonville
Florida very cool did you come all the
way down here from Jacksonville Florida
yes I did Wow welcome
I know amazing yeah so first off
congratulations on your name that's a
fantastic name of course yeah you what
did you want to talk about my show today
I want to talk about franchising so it's
kind of our first split we're
franchising and we're obviously going to
have a new na LCS champion that we
haven't had before you guys
what's your pros what's your cons so far
with the new franchising yes yeah so do
we like franchising do you like it or
what
and what you don't mark I think it's
done pretty well I think it's obviously
more of a long-term goal that people are
doing with franchising but to
immediately have new teams that you just
signed kind of like validating
themselves by making it this far into
the postseason I think that's the
biggest win probably of the whole split
mm-hmm yeah for me I have really enjoyed
franchising so basically going into
spring split it was the most excited I
had been for a split probably since of
creation of LCS it was super cool to see
basically franchising wreck every
existing roster and reset it tons of
story lies different story lines came
out of it
and I think several of the I've been
really impressed with with the franchise
teams that have come in so far I mean
hundred themes alone is like like they
are competing in the finals after
basically not existing a couple months
ago
their branding and swag has been cool
it'd be nice if you could buy their
merchandise every now and then but it's
just been really cool to see all the
different teams that have come in so
I've thought it's been fantastic yeah
I'd like to get your thoughts on it too
but for me I have liked the new works
that came in I think hundred days and
clutch finding immediate success was
good but also even though there was
excitement Travis with all the rosters
kind of blowing up and reforming I do
feel like that negatively impacted the
quality of play at the start of the
split overtime I think it definitely
improves as the teams kind of find their
footing I think long term it should be
better since everyone's signed two and
three year contracts but the fact that
we only had nine players who started on
the same team in 2018 as they started at
the end of the summer split in 2017 out
of you know the 30 from six teams that
remained in franchising means there was
an absurd amount of turnover and you're
never gonna have this energy built up
from that right so that's the negative
part I think we had from franchising but
the positive stuff was the orgs are more
competitive the owners are more serious
there's more money in the seam in that
stuff so cool by the way apparently the
audio is only going out into the right
ear right now so if you are at home and
you have just take the other earbud out
or the other headset just flip it over
there and it's actually gonna work out
perfectly I mean you can also just
listen in one ear and then put some nice
music in the other yeah and that's
actually the best way to enjoy the show
now Jett I do want to get back to you
said
it negatively impacted the teams at the
start you were kind of it was just a
kind of weird situation for North
America are you just saying that because
you predicted CLG who went on to
underperform super dramatically they
lost a froma man how could they do it
yeah what did you predict Travis I
predicted waste team instead of the
seventh place - yeah it was uh I don't
know I'm just on an analyst you know
like I if I had quit my job and decided
to go to the analyst s full time I I
probably would have thought more about
it I think I'm just giving you flag
actually like there's a chill over the
audience right now I think they don't
make fun of jet yeah I know you not
learn that rule riot learns the hard way
what what does that mean restored what
do you what have you thought about
franchising so far Travis um I mean I'm
a TSM fan since season one so so you're
loving this split no great the best
split I've ever had but real I don't
know what to do my hands right now I've
never been to it na LCS finals with TSM
of course not being there but I do agree
with the whole point that we have a
whole bunch of new orgs really you know
pushing the standards and Reed kind of
make sure your microphone some Frank oh
yeah
shaking things up you know it says
because we don't even have CLG or c9
either you make out of quarters yeah so
I've liked that a lot and hopefully I
agree like you were saying jet that
hopefully you know everything will
improve you know other team I'll get
other or expecially the bottom works to
you know get their stuff together their
together basically go to town I say
that because I usually swear pretty
heavily oh yeah on this show I I would
not like to turn this into a stream of
obscenities but if but I don't mind it
here and there it was a it was a moment
of passion yeah yeah because I mean
again I don't know what to do right now
yeah but over but overall you like
franchising I do like franchising
overall yes okay well just the idea of
teams getting their together
something that I think people gonna have
to get used to like in sports there's
always a loser and usually there's a
pretty big loser so like I understand
like it seemed like optic or golden
Guardians that something went didn't
work out how they envisioned when they
put that team together so I think the
idea that there's always gonna be a
tenth place team or something what's
like that's not a result of franchising
failing or anything that's just that's
just how spore
I agree but hopefully overall like the
other teams will like improve they'll
try to bring a new talent or you know
try learn new things and maybe just
improve the quality of competition
overall just period yeah I want to see
how Academy fairs in summer split and
then kind of the next year's because
technically it should be a place where
people can develop talent and you should
be able to find a few more players
because you say that we have all these
orgs that are going out and finding
talent but you have to import slots to
get from other leagues and then three
people on your team have to be from
North America and there's there were
only so many people there especially
when you look at the best teams now like
the others two new teams and finals but
five players and finals were actually in
finals of the summer split they're just
on new teams now so you need a way of
generating competitive and pro
experience on new people and I think
Academy should be able to help with that
we just haven't really seen it yet yeah
I mean so I casted the whole thing and I
think Demonte ins asel are two names who
have demonstrated pretty clearly that
they should be the newest people looked
at and especially considering there are
those are some positions that people are
always looking for talent for so if
those guys get to move up and look good
I would say Academy is working out as
well right now franchising in the LCS I
think has looked like a big win the
Academy League still keeping an eye on
it hey Travis thank you so much for
coming on show I really appreciate it
thanks guys
thanks dude yeah and the crowd giving a
very polite clap for you to that's very
very nice also if you're gonna come on
the show and Travis did a great job but
always keep the microphone in front of
your face like imagine you're licking
ice cream and so wherever you go you
have to keep it like that distance to be
like right below so you don't get
popping noises maybe that's true but I
like distance wise like tongue yeah
please don't lick my microphone or
encourage other people yeah this is not
rental gear I actually only use
microphones so you won't actually one of
them is Luke's who's life producing this
although I told he's a very I'm only
supposed to say he's alive producing it
in a world where the show goes off well
so but we are by the way we for all
those that are watching basically this
is all duct tape and - but duct tape and
bubble gum I think I mean so no joke I'm
actually really
rester this setup oh thank you thank you
I think people underestimate how
difficult it is to not only host a live
show but then also live stream at the
same time yeah so the fact that you've
done this with like I'd like four people
here it's got to be the smallest number
of people for doing this all my creation
mark mark also did nothing mark came up
with the idea so mark basically was the
only reason the show's happening is cuz
of me
Mark said it live on the air we should
do this next week because hot line leaks
aesthetic is very similar to Miami's we
decided opportunity you can come up oh
yeah I like you standing on the
sidelines being polite though that's
very nice of you
what's your name Pablo Pablo
welcome to the show Pablo where are you
from I'm from Orlando Florida Orlando
Florida isn't like an hour away right
like for okay like four hours away I
don't I don't floor does that like five
miles Californians do not learn anything
about Florida it looks short on the map
but it's I had a bunch of people say
let's go to Disneyland and I or
Disneyworld and I I knew that that was
gonna happen
all right enough geography lessons what
did you want to talk about on the show
today so I want to get you guys opinions
on who is the MVP of this split ooh okay
Travis why don't you kick us off yeah I
I feel really it's unfortunate so I I
think that this gets announced tomorrow
who it is I don't know who it is I'm not
supposed to say who I voted for so maybe
I'll get blacklisted for saying this but
I voted for smoothie which is
unfortunate because then in the what I
the email I got said it they will be
there not well yeah it will be but
you're not supposed to say who you voted
for yet oh maybe I didn't know that
you've already told people right or no I
haven't liked broadcast ever I thought I
said who my favorite was but yeah don't
tell anyone and we'll be good young-min
is in the chat and I am a like I said we
can say whatever the point you don't
reach at we didn't hear that I said it's
who would you vote for
if you hypothetically if what yeah if I
forgot about it and were allowed to say
it yeah it what about it for MVP I would
have voted for smoothie which why I like
it's just a funny situation because I
think he had a really really good split
I think he does amazing
for cloud 9 and I think that it's really
really hard to stand it in a support
position so I almost kind of give him
like a bit of a bonus for that I it's
very funny because I was talking to
parth
about voting cuz I took last split off
and he was like well you can get really
vindicated by whatever you vote for in
the in the playoffs because you vote out
of fear
no no cuz I mean I wouldn't vote it for
her there's other people I would have
but you can get vindicated by playoffs
for who you vote for
and so I I was like okay well maybe
that's true I'll vote because a lot of
people by that point I'm we're saying
smoothie because smoothie had like a
really rough final week and maybe two
weeks even and I just was like I'm gonna
stand by this unfortunately then cloud
and I and flopped out and I look like a
fool
yeah so an idiot one thing that I don't
think I've we've ever been able to
emphasize enough is that it is a regular
season MVP award playoffs mean nothing
the votes are all cast before the first
playoff game but we don't announce the
award until finals so people always
assume like how dare you vote for
smoothie he was out in quarterfinals
yeah I saw people like licorice I got
the award but Sola went further and
playoffs what yeah that happens all the
time
so if anyone sees that I would love it
if you'd be like it's a regular season
award and just say that for the rest
your lives because you know everyone's
gonna continue to forget it so I do
think smoothie did a lot in the start of
the year to kind of allow people to
think of what a support MVP could be
right and I think it sucks for him
because I know I'm not giving away my
vote but I know on the last day of the
NA LCS - asked us if you had to vote
right now who would you vote for from
competing we both said aphromoo and I
think that was because of the way a 100
these finished because he has a similar
contribution to the team that smoothie
does but ultimately they did finish
first in the standings albeit very
closely and I think we know through a
lot of time the types of leadership
qualities aphromoo has and it's a close
race like I was I'm so I could even say
if I could still cast my vote I would
still be wavering back and forth between
aphromoo and hooni because I look at the
rest of the echo fox roster and their
history of not really success and how
dominant they actually looked with the
way who knew was drawing pressure for
most of the season and I think that guy
is amazing but I think I think a firm
who's going to end up winning will see
when
we get the bouts actually revealed
tomorrow but you don't know just talking
about the afro mover smoothie point as
well I think anytime you have all the
teams finished within one game of each
other and playoffs it's gonna be a tight
race and what's I think smoothie had
with some higher highs potentially but
also some lower lows whereas afro mousse
team did struggle in the middle of the
season when they were on a four-game
losing streak but that didn't feel like
a result of him it felt kind of like Rio
is not doing that well and some days
kind of left on an island and the only
thing that's really working for them as
their botlane and their bot Lane was
never not working and so Cody Sun and
him were kind of clear favorites at
their position of being some of the best
players in the league and then when they
make that late season surge it's very
easy to be like oh yeah if you look back
like when did afro look bad where's like
every other player look bad at some
point you could say and smoothie in
particular the last two weeks had that
moment where he looked kind of bad so I
think it is a very tight race but I
think I understand like who is who's
your MVP uh Miami P if I had to pick a
safe pick it will probably a free meal
right view it you said you if you had to
pick a safe pick give me a while drunk
Pablo but I would really pick bjergsen
lyrics okay he's okay his importance on
that team honestly you could definitely
tell if they put any other mid laner on
that team they would have not finished
third you know he was really hard
carrying that team just like he always
has but this plate just looked more
obvious that he needed help because even
with the new bot lane he he literally
had to carry them I didn't think
everyone thought oh they got the best
bot lane in the West and they really
didn't perform at all honestly like
didn't show up into playoffs the torture
Siena display they kind of played safe
they were just trying not to lose the
lane cuz span was just playing only what
Israel only and they had mid Theon
tahm Kench so honestly they weren't even
trying to carry any games for them so it
was just down the buicks and you just
keep winning games for them and he was
doing it consistently and so well
playoffs but it was up to me I will pick
maybe bjergsen
second or first but obviously it'll
probably just be out for me though okay
what's your favorite team alright let's
hear some swag I like you brought it up
on the table eh yeah that's pretty good
okay really quickly while we're on this
I
just because we were talking a little
bit about voting and being vindicated by
the playoffs you were saying even though
that it is only about the regular split
I do want to say what do you guys think
about the fact that doublelift only got
fourth because then he goes and has such
a dominant performance in the next
couple of weeks I and and kind of your
guys has take on that I think it's fine
i I didn't put doublelift is my top four
top 380 carries in the regular season
because it was a regular season both the
dude is killed in the playoffs he always
does but you don't give someone a
regular season award because you think
they will be good later like and
actually I do like what Pablo said when
he said this safe pick is a fro mu
because I do think there's a lot of
times people overly attached themselves
with safety and not getting flamed
rather than finding an opinion they can
strongly back and just going with it so
I think by reputation doublelift should
be in the top three the dudes probably
the best ad carry we've had in the North
American LCS and every year this bounces
back and forth during the regular season
and playoffs he is that he loses in
worlds group stage and sneak he's
actually the best ad carry we have in
the North American LCS that's the cycle
we go through right but during the
regular season to this split I don't
think he was top three mark I had this I
think I didn't check our votes for the
exact same but I also didn't have double
lift in my my top three and like part of
it comes down to for me his team's wing
condition was clearly him and he didn't
get his team more wins than some other
people so I think that's that's what it
comes down to is like he had a big
burden to carry on that team because it
didn't feel like the other players were
like the primary threats and then you
know they they ended the season well
getting fourth but that still is not
like substantially great yeah last
question for our audience member who do
you think is gonna win Sunday um I
honestly think team Lake we will pull it
off I think I think team liquid is a lot
stronger than hundred thieves
I really think EE is gonna perform
really well in the bot lane and I
I don't like Cody Sun as an ADC to be
honest I'm not trying to say he's bad or
anything but honestly I just
if you paired them together against you
know
don't lick verses Cody son I really
think double lip is gonna take advantage
of him down there and I think that's
gonna be the reason why they win the
series in the end I mean Cody son was
number one
ADC so III yeah the way it works thank
you so much for coming on really
appreciate it thanks man and maybe it's
time to to rotate jet out yeah man you
had two questions did you enjoy your
time yeah yeah this is top 10 favorite
league talk shows even there even been
10 league talk shows in the scene I mean
I've done at least four of them so maybe
five so I haven't gotten there all right
I'm helping increase that I really like
the concept of the show
so thank you keep doing the concept but
not to who's next he's gonna leave after
what it's Travis's show Kobe I don't
want that here's the problem what I do
that one time Jack came on state league
this is a true story back in like Jack
came on state league and jet has said
this is before I got my confidence going
and and jet basically took over the show
and all the comments were Jack should
host state of the League track get
Travis off that show jet is so much
better so now I live in terror and fear
of that rise starts to believe exactly
Jack would take your job but he doesn't
want your job okay so you're good nobody
should want this job it's uh it's tough
I think oh but you sit there I think you
should get your next question I should
just get him why don't you make the
guests feel included yeah the guests in
the middle I can leave whenever yeah
please leave my shirt thank you thank
you yeah okay so we have we have Kobe on
the show now
Kobe how you doing you're so far away
Travis yeah that's how I like it
okay wait are you is that just a soda
you're drinking tonight yeah yeah just a
soda healthy soda yeah yeah it's very
good bjergsen okay yeah we've got okay
okay so here we go so is this is this
our guest or is this just a game I'm
just filling in right okay so we have
bjergsen on the show right now I
actually Jason is my real name okay
Jason yeah MVP candidate yeah yeah same
thing it's five butter five letters same
thing you know okay so will it was
twitch chat right now they're all typing
burek pars Berg look-alike oh so I guess
we've learned we've learned yeah Jason
who are a you TSM fan well no I I'm
actually I work for Team Liquid yeah
mark is Marcus by the way just blocking
the camera and the entire types of the
whole Wow I feel like I've been in rused
here hold on mark is wearing these
pajama pants he showed that he has like
some Miami like teal shorts or something
what are you not gonna change no I I
wore these because it's what I always
wear when we do the actual show
character okay so are we getting rid of
Jason then yes alright no I was good
alright awful I don't blame this it's
really gross you guys are pretty rude on
this show aren't ya so usually it's a
it's a call-in show so when I'm an
asshole it it like works you don't have
to see them in person I don't have to
it's like you playing people online but
in real life yeah all right well we ever
next he's wearing a seal GT so we
already know he's wearing some swim swim
trunks yeah what's your name my name is
Ethan Ethan were you from Charlotte
North Carolina Charlotte North Carolina
so what uh what would you like to talk
about on hot line League tonight I
wanted to talk about how a new na LCS
champion will negatively affect our
performance at MSI oh so you're saying
if we get a new winner on on Sunday
which is which will happen it will we'll
be in a rough spot okay why I just think
did you take notes you're looking at
your phone okay you are right you are
more prepared for the show than I am by
the way so I appreciate that
give it give it your best three bullet
points when it's Kobe hands yeah
the top three bullet points are my
winner for Sunday is the hundred thieves
okay so I looked at them and their
potential weaknesses for starters I said
prolly as a coach while he's been in the
scene for a very long time a lot of his
recent success was getting like third
when he was on
h2k a couple years ago at IEM and I
think ryu has a long history of being
just shaky and I'm not like I just don't
have confidence for them to make it far
enough with all these other high tier
teams I I will point out that prolly has
had more international success than any
North American team either you counti
h2k I guess I feel G are you counting
eight was he coach he was coaching UK
it's Emmys right yeah Oh was he I don't
count that that was that was the most
Shh without getting like the EU verse
anything so I really don't care about it
as an na fan it's just like you beat a
and X and quarters
alright that was that was some baloney
Kobe what do you got um phoney baloney I
would counter with don't ever new team
does win they have a member of the seal
G squad that did the best of any
international performance North America
has ever had
that's very true I also want to know do
you think team like you think hundredth
you is gonna win but do you think TL
would fare better I mean Kane doesn't
have too much international experience
like do you think it's better with Kane
or I don't necessarily think it's better
with Kane I just think it's different
right I think you think you think it's
gonna be a struggle no matter what yeah
yeah very good Kobe wood sorry to cut
you off
yeah I was about to go all in on that
goal yo G ex-members you know I think
there's gonna be rough as far as winning
obviously everyone you know King zone is
pretty much crowned already but I have
built up confidence again in the nor our
North American teams as I do every year
probably is a bad habit but as far as
the meta going into it as well I think
that it does both of these teams would
be well equipped to handle the current
meta so as far as teams that we have
sent previously into
you know various MSI's they would be
more well set up than they have in the
past
that being said like the co G run last
time you know going to the finals and
stuff that was that was pretty nuts and
a lot of things had to come together so
I don't really expect that sort of thing
to happen again
that would be nice so it would be super
nice so the meta point is one that I'm
gonna call back something jatt was
talking about know if you said it
publicly anywhere but he talked about
how he thinks a lot of the this was in
the quarters how a lot of our best teams
are actually ill-equipped for the meta
when it's 8.6 and like the Conqueror oh
I guess it'll be 8.8 right that they're
playing on from us yeah yeah so who
knows what they do with the rune at that
point but if that's the room that's like
Tomblin it's like a lot of carries and
you're playing Casio top and all this
other stuff like some day hello so some
day was literally a Renekton one trade
okay so you just don't like impact I
love him on tags I think he's the best
tank top in the leave probably but like
I asked him to carry on Cassio and carry
on whatever else becomes a meta with
with conqueror top or maybe I yeah I
hope it's top dive but it hasn't been
that way for us where I'm I'm very
curious to see how this all goes to
because I mean I think what it's the
chat philosophy that all the teams have
gotten weaker potentially from
franchising that's your your thinking
okay he just gave me the thumbs up so I
mean I I think teamliquid got stronger
that's pretty like overall average of a
North American team better than old
immortals yes okay why they brought
together some of the more unique parts
like he was talking about Cody Sun and
double lift and while Cody Sun is like
the new North American talent you know
and he deservedly got first team all na
LCS for the regular season double it has
so much experience and he they come team
Luke we kind of combined that like
keeping some immortals parts together
you know adding the CLG parts as well as
impact who has always performed at
international events so I feel like Team
Liquid and specifically Steve was
looking at Internet
performances and he wanted people that
he thought would you know had previous
successes there and would work well
together there and I thought on the old
immortals that flame was really slipping
more towards the end and going into
world's last year and I just yeah I like
impact more in the top lane as of right
now very good
well I'm excited to see what happens
after whoever wins on Sunday heads off
to MSI I'm a little nervous for North
America I have not gained Kobe's
confidence yet you wait until after we
lose then you go into depression mode
yeah maybe that's how well before we
play it's great what have you skipped
optimism and you're just depressed just
now I like to live my life in very high
highs at very low lows very good well
thank you so much for coming on the show
thank you for having me thank you
audience clap we don't have a clap sign
so very good all right so we're supposed
to do well for them to clap Travis yeah
what no Travis no no they're clapping
for him as he walks away
okay that was a that was a rough one
Coby no I just blame in this really
quickly let's see if if Luke can send it
over yeah there we go
so I really quickly while while we're
waiting for the next person I do want to
talk a little bit about our sponsor for
hotline League Owen by HP very
enthusiastically baby boxes are
important he knows yeah but no they are
important and really appreciate their
support of the show if you don't know
about omen by HP they've been in the
space for a couple years now they see
the value and supporting everything in
eSports from giant things like overwatch
League all the way down to grassroots
thrown-together productions that have
audio going in the right ear only like
this show so really are they gonna
supply some more drinks to I supply you
with more drinks but only only soda cuz
I know that's what you're drinking so
anyway if you are if you're watching
right now go ahead and give a shout out
to Owen by HP on Twitter give them a
follow there show your appreciation if
you have it for the show because they
definitely they definitely make it work
so thank you so much to OMA by HP cloud
9 is in the house
Miami oh hey too soon we got me maybe
what what's your name I am Jalen from
Michigan
Jalen for Michigan did you fly here yeah
for this this morning he walked from
Michigan Travis I like five miles maybe
he goes to school here geography is not
our strong again I don't either was like
a glove it's a it's a little different a
little different then thank you thank
you for that I love when people know and
they come on your show and they just say
I can flame Travis's that's what
everyone does it's ultimately what
that's why they call it hot line League
because people flame Jalen it's Jalen
right yes Jalen what do you want to talk
about in the show tonight I want to
think what everyone thought about
currently we got the new organizations
we're going to have a new banner up
they're going towards summer split and
world's potentially do they expect the
old guards to come back if song reapered
even Tony gets the old guard teams back
together in a way that we're ready for
worlds Oh like after we've seen sort of
the teams that have won previously are
they are they going to be able to bounce
back and more so do they spent like a
hundred these echo fats and probably
teamliquid to just go straight into
summer split and they're the three teams
going in two worlds so I think this is
interesting because of how hot CLG ended
right as well as the fact that I think
TSM was better than what they showed
their even even a lot of the pros I
think had a similar opinion like
doublelift in particular talked about
how good spend a myth you were and he
thought that like they didn't play great
in that series we had him on the last
episode of hot line League where he was
talking about this so I do think it's a
really interesting question and I'm kind
of I don't know what side you're on to
this but I'm on the side that yeah I
think the old guard teams will make a
resurgence I'm a little more hesitant on
c9 than those other two teams maybe
because because c9 are keeping their
exact same roster needs to like kind of
fundamentally improve at playing tanks
in the top lane and that style because
that like 8.4 hit and you smooth a
though you're so hyped on conquer well I
guess maybe not depends what the meta is
going into the playoffs for for summer
but it is a kind of thing where we have
seen c9 struggle when tank tops where
the meta so I'd be interested to see
about them whereas TSM and CL seen IRC
CLG I'm not a hunter sent bought in on
but I did see enough in the second half
of the season we're like stick say was
looking really good as like their
primary carry cuz they were playing top
side the whole started the split and as
soon as they went well let's focus on
the other side of the map bio frost as a
shock Oh actually pretty good so I
wouldn't mind seeing more that roster
Kobe I am of the opinion that with the
franchising there was more talent drawn
to North America and that so a lot of
our top teams got better so the old
guard that you're talking about they
just have more competition and I do have
faith in the TSM the cloud 9 even the
CLG considering their split was terrible
there's simply you can't argue that
their split was terrible
they almost rallied to playoffs and then
I think their last weekend was like we
lost and we're kind of mental boom but
they still had a chance given that
though would you say my even still G was
fair okay as long as I was ready like
right at the beginning of summer
splitting they come off the way of how
hot they were at the end I feel like
they can take it I I'm super fascinated
to it happen to see if it happens I I
actually kind of like that we don't have
a member of the old guard in finals for
spring I think that's really interesting
and a world where an old guard member
doesn't go to Worlds that could be not
so great I think there's a high chance
that at least one of them doesn't go
yeah cuz it's not like the new ones are
gonna drop off I don't think any of the
teams that are here and playoffs are
gonna make big roster changes and I
don't see a reason for you know huge
success drop off for any of those teams
maybe cuz people are like Team Liquid
fits this meta so specifically well that
would be one that if there are big patch
changes you know because impact is looks
so incredibly good on tanks yet not you
know didn't have the same effect on
carries or anything and they have a very
specific kind of play through bottom
lane style that would might be the one
but other than that yeah I feel like
there's just gonna be a
lot of competition up at the top side
and we were talking about the Rick box
on the dive better show by the way
thanks coming on Kobe we're gonna move
on to James I saw James who's not on the
dive we were talking about with Rick Fox
about how the owners feel you know and
they're so invested especially a lot of
the new owners are really invested in
their teams and there's gonna be a lot
of disappointment because we've seen
even Reggie had these tweets recently
because TSM for the first time didn't
make finals he's like this is never
gonna happen again and to say something
like that is getting to be more and more
of a ridiculous statement because there
can only be you know two teams in the
finals one winner and yet now the
competition is getting so much more
fierce I mean there's a very good chance
this is a this would be crazy but
there's a very good chance to get some
doesn't go to Worlds let's go I mean the
path ahead of them is pretty tough I
mean it's same for CLG same for cloud
nine I only highlight TSM because I
think that that's like virtually
unimaginable I love TSM like all those
guys but just for like the importance of
a team that's not TSM going and like
what that means for franchising and the
overall strength of the scene I would
appreciate that but not from like a
personal perspective like as an
organization and what that means for the
scene I think for in terms of TSM Reggie
took a step back this year and he said
at the beginning this is a team for
worlds if they're slumping like it right
at the beginning of summer he's gonna
step in I feel I get them back on track
like he does and previous splits so with
it yeah the question is like how much if
Kobe's right and the other teams have
gotten stronger how much can the Reggie
boost like give them at the next flip if
it's fin keeps having bad games and bad
matchups I don't know does the crowd
hate spend this a second do you James
says no yeah the josh is the loudest
person in this audience right now and
like any occasion that that James is at
yeah in any occasion James is the
loudest person yeah that's true but I
think spen played poorly in the first
half of the split for his reputation and
in the second half I think
recovered look I actually think he was
playing really really well they want a
ton of 2v2 without much jungle attention
they were taking first turrets at a
pretty high rate his kDa in the last few
weeks was actually the same as bjergsen
but no one talked about that like it was
both them were like whoa James is dying
to come up here he's going he's going in
on Missy right now yeah Miffy was
struggling a little bit more than spend
there that was James's point but I do
think span is really really good and so
I'm excited to see what he has for
summer but you know he did struggle in
spring so there's no reason to say like
oh he's gonna be good for the rest of I
watched the the last TSM legends this
morning and he beat himself up so much
before because that's not about that
yeah and because they don't normally
perform at that especially from g2 or
whatever cuz they were just so dominant
so even with how might Young felt
everybody got to get it together by that
point by the way you're all swagged out
and c9 gear but we've just been talking
about TSM how how do you feel right now
as a c9 fan wait we got Jensen we got
sneaky smoothy those three core I think
we can be good with it if Reaper can get
licorice on track
cuz I was skeptical with this fence
Garen and licorice at the beginning and
like the first two we twos like
especially the first game against TSM
when they messed up that dive on
licorice I was like this is this is our
year and then week 8 yeah I mean it must
be it must be super tough too because c9
was so close the entire time and then
just sort of the slip at the end there
yeah yeah well hey thank you so much for
coming on the show I really appreciate
it well one last question
who's gonna win on Sunday 100 threes
three two okay very good
thank you mark I have an idea you should
see if the guy at the end of that row
will come on and talk a little bit
because we just heard Kobe say CLG was
garbage this split and so it'd be
interesting factoids Dan on the end you
have to go grab him yeah did you do you
want another round by the way yes James
owes me I bought him yeah yeah but I I'd
rather have oddly can you can you go get
us three more yeah yeah only is
technically my intern right now
are you know she is employed by Riot
Games you no longer have power over her
Travis
well well we'll see he's a free girl
entirely anyway here we go did you by
the way did you tie this microphone
around the chair so that people would
walk away with it it wasn't me it was
from the Rhoden I feel like I'm being a
baby chair like child safety is on okay
so what's your name
uh hello my name is Trevor okay and
where are you from I'm originally from
Los Angeles okay favorite team favorite
team well I'm usually a seal G fan but I
think for the finals bringing 400 years
reading 400 thieves
all right so stick saying I just it was
very sad because I just looked over lers
and and Kobe whatever look the joke only
goes so far
Kobe was just sitting there going like
yasiel G was just awful this lit that he
reiterated so many times it made mark
agree with it I'm looking over over
there and just seeing you and it was
painful to watch well you also did the
same thing when you said doubles is the
best ATK has ever seen yeah I don't
technical difficulties here on high
league you I mean you how long have you
been playing now I think I'm playing for
you know it's good he's got a couple
years on it yeah yeah that's real well
we'll go with that
no but first off what brings you to
Miami
doing some stuff with though right for
Miami did the dog yesterday nice cool
dive lol finding on Soundcloud yeah why
is we we've talked more about the dive
on this show than hotline League what do
you what do you think of the game we
haven't talked about the third fourth
place match I know it's far less
interesting than the first but what do
you think of tomorrow's games hmm I
think actually think clutch is gonna win
hey oh I'm gonna say three two clutch
okay so how come I just think that
clutch kind of hit like a surge at like
the end of the split going to playoffs
and they even took honey to a five-game
series
and I mean a little bit spoiler but I
also think honey things gonna win this
way so I think just the fact that clutch
will take them to a five-game series and
echo fox has kind of been on decline for
a while now so so how much of that do
you think was meta because it did kinda
coincide with 8.4 same with c9 both
those being kind of obvious top centric
teams that then feels like it's not as
important and double if was saying they
thought of the people left in the
playoffs you felt like all tech and
Adrian were potentially like the weakest
Botley and left so do you think it's
mostly meta or do you feel like they
legitimately started playing worse in
your games first them I think it's like
predominantly the meta and it just kind
of happens that way that they you know
they're gonna look worse when people are
focusing the more and stuff like that
it's that's just kind of how the game
works
but yeah I think it was like but only
just meta change literally what all I do
is okay that's that's right yeah I know
this is very aggressive amelie had
everybody thinks she's such a nice
person but actually she is nice she's an
angel you're the bad one okay there we
go we're actively producing the show as
it's going on also at the same time my
battery is dying on my computer so I
don't know if we have a battery it
doesn't it doesn't
Rodan you got anything okay anyway stick
saying what else you got anything for us
do you want to talk about anything on
the show have you thought about
something I was told to say something
I'm nervous about this who told you to
say yes first question my coach Tony
okay what did Tony say is this some meme
cuz Tony's a huge Mimar people
don't know zix like off-camera he's just
like the biggest Mimar dicks is the best
coach in the West oh that's a he what he
told you to say yeah okay that loses a
lot of punch when it doesn't feel like
it's coming from your mouth yeah what
actually it's it's worth bringing up
because CLG there was a point in time I
was able to make a lot of content off of
this where the fans were saying the seal
jisub right it was literally like fire
Tony fire six the CLG code you read that
subreddit at all oh of course
yeah what what do you think when you see
people saying that Tony's a bad coach
knowing he's probably watching right now
I don't know how he reacts to it because
he doesn't really like show that
reaction at all but hello but he uh yeah
thank you I think you know the team
doesn't think anything of it he isn't
the anything of it because people don't
really know what goes on behind the
scenes so everyone knows like not
everything is this fault I mean it's
kind of the thing what's like so you
said when something is his fault I mean
of course it's a team right so
everything is everyone's fault
collectively so I know in particular
like a lot of those fans were
criticizing clg's drafts at that point
whereas like oh here's TF mid when no
one's playing the like so so how
much of that I don't know if you want to
get into the staff then you can just
tell me no but like whoa what was going
on with some of those drafts like you
guys were struggling in scrims and
didn't know what was working or was that
like something that was working
instagrams and then didn't translate to
stage it's just one of the things that
looks really strong in practice and then
when you got stage it you're like huh
this is actually a lot harder than it
was in practice so I felt like a lot of
comps are and that's why a lot of like
pro teams you know always talked about
having a lot of success in scrims then
doesn't work on stage yeah Thank You
Broden coming in with the power you
there was a conversation a second ago
about whether or not any of the old
guard teams could recover for the summer
speaking of CLG how are you guys going
to to recover for the summer I think we
learned a lot last split and we have
like a pretty good system to know what
we need to fix for next foot and what we
did wrong last but I guess we have like
a lot of systems that you know like in
theory sound really good and makes sense
as I think the most hoc alone is like
our communication stuff where we have
like roles for everyone but I think we
know what to do going forward and what
we messed up Koby yeah I was very
curious about the systems that you're
talking about because there was so much
coming out about the structure of the
communication and I know that a lot of
people agree like a lot of you know
coaches and owners and everybody agrees
that especially at the highest level of
play communication is where you really
get a large percentage of the
you know increases in performance for
teams what what do you think is like the
the biggest change because people were
talking about originally there was a
structure where you guys had it you know
who he was kind of the center of it do
you think having a center and having
delegation is a very good strategy or is
it person by person would you rather
have you know someone shouting orders
like having having a main shot-caller me
personally when I play with jatt and the
other casters I like it when other
people say as little as possible because
then you can actually think through you
know what what you want to do sometimes
if there's too much communication you
got better brains messing you up like
how do you feel it do you think it is
actually like personal person team to
team or is there a no God communication
system I think it's definitely team by
team where it's like you know this this
structure might work for one set of five
players but this structure won't work
for you know there's that I think for us
we kind of used a structure like that
whereas like you know okay
darshan you're doing this right over you
doing this who you're doing this and
stuff like that and it wasn't exactly I
guess what we needed as team so we
slowly figured that out over the split
and change things it's just we changed
things way too late but like I said I
think we have a pretty idea knowing what
to fix for next with so it's about over
communication I think that's a point
that not talked about very much I know
Jensen had an interview with Travis to
plug one of his own interviews for a
change where he talked about how
smoothie is a great communicator but
sometimes goes overboard and I know
darshan as a top laner in particular is
like one of the most vocal ones probably
in the league with how much he
communicates like did you guys feel like
you had a problem with over
communication before the roles were
identified at all that was always one of
our biggest things because I mean from
what I remember from every jungler that
has ever played on our team they're like
we've never really received so much
information from the laners like this is
we don't know what to do with it there's
just actually too much they can't make a
decision so yeah I think it's definitely
a problem and having the communication
what's trust kind of made it so we
didn't have as much like over
communication but at the same time it
limited like things we could do so that
was like the downfall of it I definitely
know that feel junglers
you've way too much information oh I'm
stupid oh I should have ganked your lane
oh I'm garbage that's feedback that's
communication you stick say thank
you so much for coming on the show I
really like it yeah yeah and it's
probably a good time to and we get James
up here I do like this go needs more dad
we're we're we're gonna rotate Coby out
and part because twitch chat thinks
you're wasted people they're like Kobe
is drunk oh yeah I don't know why they
would think that yeah you see Kobe Wings
actually drunk it's a it's a different
animal that's true I could go pick James
up and bring him over here yeah I was I
was gonna call for obably not the show -
but yeah I mean I feel like that's the
best the best option okay we're gonna
state we're gonna save - all these up
I don't believe was like helping produce
the show or something I'm gonna shoot
her I think she was just hanging out did
you leave your drink did you leave your
drink now
Kobe wants your drink oddly welcome to
the show why are you wearing a fuse you
can take why are you not okay so so I
saw I saw a Logan walk in here with
Jackson some of the 100 thieves people I
didn't know of nahshon made his way over
yet oh that wasn't nadeshot
people it was good timing but that was
not in a chaud we've got people on bikes
screaming people don't know this
actually unfortunately it's late so we
can't show you but there's the beaches
like literally right there we're like
basically right on the beach and so
there's just a sidewalk of people
running by and screaming and this is
actually all green-screen - earnest
studio yeah that's true that's true I
mean it if it was it it'd probably be
going a lot better what are you I'm
going to get the college question go the
College question guy okay College
question guy walking in front of the
camera right now
it's fine it's no it's good it's good
I'm gonna I'm gonna stand in front I'm
gonna turn that camera in the ground
just I just I just have to if I
reference it twitch that thinks it's
funny if I don't they think that it's a
name production idea Amelie and maybe
mute his mic while we're at it guy
Romilly I was gonna like introduce you
banter do whatever but you know what
maybe
what's your name
so I'm actually the bootleg F remove
because every time I link my stream in
when I play solo Q I get told off remove
augers every single time for like the
past two years so I guess I'm just gonna
go a bootleg out from a bootleg after
but actually it's it's actually Lewis
and my jeans from Jacksonville Florida
okay so do you also drove presumably
down here and yeah today yeah okay well
thanks for making out what do you want
to talk about and I hear it's collegiate
so maybe I don't know awfully can help
same we're in school exactly where oh
where oh where
okay phonetically what did I say you
said we're weird we're we're it's close
enough phonetically what do you want to
talk about I want to talk about the
growth of eSports in the collegiate
scene and mainly because there's a lot
more universities adopting like varsity
programs and there's like you know more
scholarships being offered and just kind
just curious is like your thoughts on
like the just the growth of it and as
well as you know what else needs to be
done to continue to grow it all right so
call it college Travis hates it when I
talk about college but since I graduated
the University of Phoenix has a great
online program that I really I learned a
lot from yeah but basically yes all of
these different colleges across the
nation everywhere everyone's starting
some sort of varsity program for eSports
or he's been like scholarships right
you have UC Irvine who just had their
entire East sports arena set up they're
starting research programs I think like
with their I don't know whatever math
and science degree that is but they're
using like gamers and people to kind of
start all their studies so I'm super
excited I think that everything is
growing it took us like four to five
years just to even start this boom of
all of these colleges because before it
was just all of these single college
students trying to make eSports or
gaming or something happen at the
schools I'm assuming is that what you're
doing right now yeah kind of I've been
trying to grow it for the past three
years and now we're
gun we've got like a look quite a bit
more notoriety and you know there's like
discussions about you know trying to get
varsity program and you know trying to
get you know big events and stuff so
it's been a lot of discussions with a
lot of you know professors and other
professional staff and university to get
get to happen and I'm like super excited
they I know one of them was talking
about how they've gone to different
conferences and like so many
universities are trying to find ways to
incorporate like eSports into their
universities they don't have it already
it's like it's a way to get you know the
people in their rooms to get out and you
know go do other stuff like on campus
and like or even just playing like on
the land environment I recently just
joined my city's a league of Legends
team and you know playing out of like a
LAN Center was just like such a
different experience compared to playing
solo q I mean now can flamed a person
who's sitting right next to me but you
know it was just let's just say
adrenaline is just so much different and
I think you know once people like get
that feeling they really want to play
more in that same environment so so a
couple questions following up on that
you said your city are you part of like
that City League thing that they've been
pretty super league gaming super league
gaming we we are we are applying to be
for the next season we just got started
we just had a tournament with like about
I believe like eighty people I think it
was like 16 teams and ours in our city
um and you know we have a group of guys
we're playing in it there's like a Torme
in Tampa and about a month I think like
2000 $3000 so we'll see what happens
there
we're super excited and we really wanted
to be champs because you know I think
Jacksonville you know really big city
obviously is a very very big league
crowd quite a few people here from
Jacksonville and they go to University
of North Florida so and so my follow-up
question to is I cast a lot of the
collegiate legal legends events and I
was wondering what what do you want the
future of eSports to really be because I
think there's like the inclusive Club
nature we were talking about playing in
a land and a five-on-five environment
that everyone kind of wants and then
there's the more competitive side of it
we're like University of Toronto three
other guys ended up on a team and and
like Adrien mom is probably most like
famous success case of a collegiate
player you also got Zig and shady shady
as well
there's a fair amount of like players
like would you want to see more of like
an NCAA kind of thing where it's about
fostering competitive talent or do you
think it's more about the community
element we're like gamers now have a
bigger portion of like the community of
a college that they can then be a part
of I think there's a way to incorporate
probably both and maybe there's a way to
you know have something like the NCAA
where it's like competitiveness but
still like rely on the schools and
universities so like foster that like
community aspect because I feel like you
know I've you know met like a law new
people playing like these in Latin
events and stuff and that would have met
otherwise and I also think that's not
the easiest thing in the corporate both
because you know you you know you to
lose you lose one of you know the
competitiveness or you lose community
side and I just feel like for a league
it's a point to have both I think of I
think something similar to a probably
like super smash bros melee you know
it's hard to be good at that game but
I'm a huge fan yeah I'm zealous better I
can be some people in the office I can
beat pastries ass all right well you the
one thing I believe is true I always
talk about collegiate eSports and and
maybe whatever I don't make as much
content about it but I do go back to my
University often which is not the
University of Phoenix is Long Beach
State's at Long Beach State and I am
very jealous because they have now a
really awesome Club of people who you
know follow legal edges eSports and
eSports Club that's something I wish
that they had centuries ago when I went
to college because I think it is it's
just I would have loved to have been a
part of that right and I think for a lot
of people on college they have a hard
time maybe relating to some of the
traditional sports stuff they maybe
can't find the right Club for them I
think this is something for people to
really connect and like meet a lot of
people through the club is cool do you
do you think that you know we it's like
a society are ready for like a little
eleague like having to wear like you can
drop off your kids to play eSports for
like you know a couple hours and then
they can train to be like the neck
you know best ADC in an A or something
like do you think we're ready for that
there's someone like pitching the idea
in our city
just like build like a little renal
arena for just only kids and so I'm just
kind of curious is like wait guys age
like whenever I was in middle school I
used to go to like the local land center
and play for hours with my friends I'd
save up money just to do that so I think
I think the idea of like putting a kid
in a camp where it's like this will make
them a better gamer is some of that I
don't think society's quite ready for
but the idea of dropping a kid off for
like an after-school program is like
that's kind of already being done like I
spent a fair amount of time volunteering
at Boys and Girls Clubs and they had
like a land center for people to play it
and so like you know I think the idea of
gaming is a pastime is pretty much
accepted maybe not quite as like a
productive pastime which it you know to
be fair for a lot of people it is and
it's it's the same as just watching TV
or whatever it is you know it's just a
way to pass time but I think you know I
don't know if even pushing kids into a
camp where it's like this is where
you're gonna learn to be last last hit
minions like I don't know that's that is
a good camp whereas like I think right
now you know a lot of it is like you've
proven to be good so now devote your
time to a versus like devoting time to
becoming good at the cost of other
activities thanks so much for coming on
the show before you kick him off I
wanted to talk to him about the college
piece because you were talking about the
community versus like the competitive
aspects and there's different places
where you can get help from that because
if you're looking for the competitive
aspects like going to administration
trying to get a varsity program and put
trying to do like what you see Irvine
just did or even our mu or Maryville was
trying to do you're gonna have to like
look at the higher-ups you're gonna have
to look for outside help and right now I
think it's like twitch student is
helping with that riots doing college
Lowell or college League College
something like this something College
League and all of them are focusing
mainly like on the administration aspect
so they're trying to help put all of
these different programs in place and
then if you're looking more for like the
community aspect there's something
called tespa
which is like the Wizards College thing
or you test but you know we just joined
testable follow them they have great all
of them are college students and all of
them ran some sort of club at their
university so they're a great resource
so
that's my advice to you advice to any
other college students go to them okay
also I think 100 thieves is going to win
on Sunday
I want a Jersey but it's so freakin hard
to buy their merch because it's like
freaking like supreme where they just
drop it for like a couple hours and
that's it in the lobby and mark-ass
nature he's like can I please Martin
nadeshot shut him down I even asked NASA
to command his content lead to take the
shirt off his back and give it to me
giggling I could tell he was at all what
are you wearing sorry like what's gonna
win I've been do you've been duped we
didn't plan that by the way I know
anyway thank you so much for coming out
congratulations on the Olli Jersey you
can probably sell that on eBay for way
too much money
yeah thank you thank you so much yeah
Marc will buy it for me thank nadeshot
yeah I have fake nature I think I have
three dollars in my wallet yeah I don't
carry cash you won't get what does he
want to come on you you do you want to
come on Tyler Tyler we don't talk about
anime no we're not talking about anime
we're talking about the finals this is a
really quickly I want to give a shout to
some people who subbed during this time
googlemail one two three the pit father
mellow jello one hundred pathetic Prince
odd polygon reign or TV we'll get to
some more in a second but we're joined
right now what's your name
Tyler I'm from Los Angeles from Los
Angeles are you from originally Los
Angeles well you don't know anything
Oh what what are you doing Los Angeles
Tyler I'm the number one Travis cafard
fan yes that's true that's true
I haven't seen too many articles out of
ESPN singing Travers Travis gafford's
praises well Fiona is on the show right
now this feel for those of you that
don't know this feeling on fire rights
for rights for ESPN very prolific one of
the best writers in the industry and
he's joining us today
and we don't have to have you invited
him on you have to come up with the
topic to do you thinks gonna win the
finals uh I think team lick was gonna
take it 3-2 are you only saying that cuz
oddly switch to the team like with
Jersey I actually got awfully that
hundred themes Jersey that she just gave
away so I just remember that actually
yeah you got that from like a better
place it's in a better place you got
that from 100th use person and they
hacked they you gave that over to her
yes yes okay well pass the luck how are
you enjoying Miami so far beyond oh it's
pretty great I mean he's pretty
incredible I was actually expecting like
a dumpster fire but this is actually
well done yeah well this is just a
dumpster yeah we still have 45 minutes
so there's a there's a chance that could
all fall apart I'm get I'm counting on
it actually yeah KOCO B has been
drinking more and more so like we don't
know how this is gonna need to happen
yeah we'll see well we got a two hour
drink session after this so we'll see
what happens beyond oh yeah if you guys
are in Miami and you go to the finals
later come by after this can you plug
where we're at the Shelbourne South
Beach oh yeah yeah winter off 18th
Street yeah come by because at 10:00 or
this will be over and then we'll open
not it's a cash bar not an open bar yeah
talk to me a little bit about the split
what have been some of your favorite
storylines and narratives what have you
written about that you really enjoyed as
you said the franchising in this the new
guard kind of coming in I'm kind of sad
that immortals didn't you know make it
back into the split as we've talked
about many times you you will forever
like you will just say your biggest
regret was always not not seeing
immortals make it in I mean I mean I
don't wanna you know badmouth one of
your gasps but they said impacts better
than flame I mean oh yes
flame fanboy alert yeah plant but you
like flame because he looks like a kpop
star
no no because he's an intelligent
beautiful player no no you I I think
it's very funny
so you people that don't know the battle
and the pressroom is just always me
I actually flame is fine but I actually
just like to talk him because Fiona
is like the biggest flame so to be fair
I put flame second on my top laner list
I actually think he had a great split
but because he was on fly quest nobody
noticed I think I noticed every week how
did you rank him Fionna
I actually I'm third really so mark
ranked my apparently a bigger flame
fanboy yeah what a white only third I
mean the fly quest thing the team wasn't
that great and I think that hauntzer and
Mooney obviously had really good spots
so I to put them in okay so you think
Team Liquid so why Team Liquid I as
people have talked about I think the
bottom lines could be the marquee
matchup this weekend and I I think that
doublelift and Olay are gonna have the
series of their lives so how about the
third fourth place match tomorrow I want
echo fox do well I want these guys to
you know finally get some glory I want
you know the entire splits been like
they're gonna combust they're gonna fail
they're gonna hate each other and the
kind of CANbus at the end you know
bringing Demonte and all that but i want
to seed our talk and those guys do well
so I'm gonna say clutch gaming 3:1 but
alright so so your thing gaming even
though you kind of want to co fox to
pull it out yeah very good
well I don't know if or Mark have any
other questions for you you could put
flame on one team where he would succeed
what would it be was good one I like
that question a lot whoo I think you'd
really teamliquid
just just flip impact and fly him and I
think Team Liquid wins literally
immortals your old favorite team
doublelift
oh it's not a bad is that a bad idea no
I'm not saying it is what it is this
isn't actually a funny story hopefully
if you're doesn't get in order to me
saying this but fear is being frequently
embedded beyond witters into immortals
as like to cover them and he'd like go
there and they'd always be
up for some big like piece that they
were gonna do so they give him some
highlight thing they're like okay yeah
for mortals does this and they would
always fail right whenever which it go
do this and so just like Fiat was like
the bad luck charm for there's so many
great articles that never came out to
spend time around flame though yeah
that's true
it was act now that was actually before
flame this was the hooni reignover
immortals oh yeah those guys had some
some like flops yeah I actually have a
question for you Travis oh okay I want a
power rank the LCS final cities which is
the best city to you know go to okay so
what what all have we had we had Toronto
Vancouver Las Vegas Las Vegas I think
Madison Square Garden is probably my
favorite also I mean that was such a
crazy finals it was super cool to see
Rio wait time it wasn't that crazy I I
thought it was super because CLG had
always lost lost lost loss up until that
moment like it felt like it was just a
whole nother world so I'd probably say
that but Miami will see how this week
news but I'm really enjoying Miami
what about Toronto I think everyone
points to Toronto Toronto you like
Toronto fans Toronto was Toronto was
sick it was amazing Toronto was boring
like I think Toronto's a bland City whoa
because the the alternative to Toronto
is Vancouver and Vancouver's amazing
they can't Vancouver finals like the
gameplay was sick but like the event was
like there's a pigeon oh man that was
exciting part of the event was like 40
minutes away from the city yeah yeah
there's an old Vancouver was the one
where you went on stage and so yeah yeah
that is just top tier I love hair Leigh
that got brought up at the PAX panel too
but really eSports is amazing because of
note like and no other industry could
mark end up on a stage singing terribly
in front of a live audience
intentionally - yeah it's just it's like
such a unique unique intentionally he
already says that was such a unique
moment it was super cool so I I don't
know I would probably go New York
maybe Miami will see Vancouver then like
everything else that's fair yeah how
about you I think the worst was Las
Vegas no offense to Las Vegas place was
not great it wasn't a great venue of
people were leaving early to go play in
the casinos don't want to fault them for
that but you know Vegas was too
interesting that was yeah above that
told me Vancouver the nice city mark
singing kind of brought it down on the
power ranking great New York pretty
decent Toronto it was do you say New
York was hype yeah - is probably New
York right now he's just he looks he's
taking another he's taking another drink
but no but you well you call School in
New York what when we went when we went
to New York - was just like Oh Mike this
is my city I'm gonna show everyone this
is amazing yeah like that's why I think
New York when I think of - I think
Toronto was a great city 17,000 fans was
sold out it was like the first actual
event that I was like oh wow like every
fan here like every seat here is sold
out but number one I think we can all
agree is Miami obviously because of all
these fantasies pandering no I'm just
saying Miami is already the best LCS
final of all time it's great I've had to
work yeah it's awesome
beyond thank you so much for coming on
the show really appreciate it thank you
yeah awfully thoughts you've been to a
couple final say oh yeah Miami's the
best it's the only one I've been to it's
my first time mark have you not been for
fun no didn't even go to the Los Angeles
one that was just at the the studio ah
oh
one who lived up north so I go yeah I'm
gonna shout out some more people odd
polygons thank you for the resub Rayner
TV carlos toasts say ocean Kelby who is
often on the show actually more on more
than anybody else almost a co-host he
resub dand said pour one out for Calvi
so I don't have I'm out of this is all I
can pour out but thank you sorry wish
you wish you could be here Kelby what
another I'm not gonna pour a his drink
Gullu Sheila and split second shot who
bought us dinner last night
kortnee 12 thank you so much to all
those people we'll get some more folks
enjoying Miami so I am I love Miami so I
met up with my buddy hunter who said he
was gonna be you know whenever you look
out in the audience and you you expect
you are supposed to come at some point
in time but they're not I don't know if
they're ever gonna come anyway like
Hunter was thrashing on South Beach it
was like it just feels like a tacky
beachy big where's hunters team right
now that's a good point
hunter by the way it runs golden
guardians for those of you that don't
know so that's a golden guard
oh I get it or mark just roaming the
audience right now was pants half down
looking for somebody he's very picky I
Travis also accepts questions about
anime
I don't accept questions about anime all
the except questions about anime boku no
hero though on Saturday boku no here is
the most overrated animal you're the
most overrated analyst it's just a
shounen it's just deku is a reskin Goku
I'm gonna try really hard
I'm trying harder than anyone rawr
rescan recently and every shown in every
main characters is an idiot who just
tries really hard and we and then
they're like I'm not gifted at all but
secretly I'm the most gifted of any of
us yeah that's a great anime audience
Todoroki we have a guest on can you let
the key let the guest hey what's your
name my name is Kevin Kevin yeah Kevin
your name my name is Travis nice to meet
you where are you from I'm from ok a
little bit closer on the from the ice
cream cone you're licking an ice cream
cone don't don't please don't
Kevin's from Miami what's it what's it
like for you to have this event in your
home city I thought it was pretty
interesting I was I accepted the
invitation online on your Twitter to
come here and I wasn't sure if I wanted
to come because I've never gone to any
like LCS or Lowell event ever
are you regretting it no Laurie ready
just to be clear so I appreciate hey I'd
to think about it
I appreciate they might I say having the
events in Miami you think of this show
cuz I was referencing like the finals
and LCS analyst I know but that that is
not as interesting as the show this is
the Travis everything that you expected
he would be Travis it seems my
expectations okay exceeds expectations
thank you finally somebody who knows to
be play ok just had really low
expectations yeah what one is bigger
than zero what is that words okay you
were doing so well Kevin you were doing
so well
Kevin let's just move on what do you
want to talk about on the show tonight
okay so my I don't know when I saw that
clutch gaming and 100 thieves and
Equifax to some extent sardine a lot
better than all these old guard teams I
was thinking it's trying to discredits
the lead scene in general at least in my
perspective because these people have
been all the other teams have been in
law for like five six years and then
someone just comes up and does better
than them in one semester or like split
one split so it kind of just I don't
know I think it weakens my idea of what
a good team should be doing because they
all had the same opportunities yeah it's
like how hundred thieves on the finals
whenever you know like yeah I mean I
think one thing to think about is that a
lot of these guys were really first off
a lot of the teams that came in
we're not talk about optic at all on the
show no and we try Jackson in the
background see if you wants to come on
we just we just this we just referenced
golden Guardians for the first time so
to some extent yeah I get what you mean
but on the other hand I mean if you look
at the lineups like they were able to
hundred these was able to pull prolly
they took a lot of veterans in I think
that's something that really helped them
mark you you're making a great ministry
now do you know I mean there's some
hundred thieves staffers in the audience
I didn't know if you want to come up and
kind of say like that why it's not
disrespectful or maybe it is I don't
know what his opinion is your what is
your opinion on Kevin's question I don't
think it's necessarily like making them
look bad because I think so much talent
has been
drawn from like within the scene I think
100 thieves was an organ that I I talked
to kind of when they were making their
way into the league and I was impressed
by like some of the high high ups and
their approach to it like um names
people might not know something about
their saying but like they had a good
idea of what eSports was and what it was
going to be and these kinds of things
and I think they they attacked the scene
in a very intelligent way in terms of
like how they built a fan base and who
they want to partner with and these
kinds of things so I don't see it as as
looking bad for the scene as a whole I
think a lot of the orgs that got
selected got selected for a reason
and that's why you see them here and
it's no surprise that they're doing well
I think maybe a little earlier than I
was expecting but I don't think it
reflects poorly on the other teams and
it's not like they're completely new
orgs or teams like you still see
familiar faces aphromoo like Honi
everyone's just mixed around and
scramble and I think that's what makes
it fun so you no longer see sure you
have TSM cloud9 who've been around
forever now you have orgs like hundred
thieves liquid finally making it in like
that's exciting to me I want to see
people like Duke it out what I do I do
like your point which is some of the
teams that did not make it she'd
probably especially like the ownership
and the the coaches they should feel
really embarrassed right Reggie the
first time he's not making it to finals
a Call of Duty bro is instead you know
like his team you know so I it is it is
kind of a funny situation right like
well uh I do think it's it's good to see
that these new teams came in with a
really smart way but I hope it's super
encourages these guys this should be
afraid right like they've like TSM CLG
this they've had the run of League of
Legends in North America for so long and
I think quite frankly there were a lot
of bad teams that came in with poor
management structures for years and just
kind of got churned out of the LCS and
brought back in by seint vicious and IDI
and then and and now it's no longer the
case like they all need to be terrified
of you know their their lineage and and
all that's going away so I I think I
think it's it's worth noting too that
like we're talking about the existing
orgs like dirt on their face we're like
how about the no longer existing orgs
that like two teams came in right away
and instantly catapulted themselves into
finals and third fourth place match you
know seems like envy who have been here
for
Dignitas who have been here for a while
like I think it speaks more to like how
good the the management that was broaden
potentially from these other words Kevin
who are you a fan of
well I'm a fan originally of Co G okay I
was sitting in the back and I saw
Trevor's face and I was like I'm pretty
sure that sticks a guy's brought him up
and I was like I know my co G players
but and I know Team Liquid has three
former co G members but I'm a fan of
under thieves in Africa damn okay and I
hope they win on Sunday very good
I by the way this is one thing that I am
so impressed that hundred teams has been
able to get likely massive like it is
rare that you ever see a team come into
the league and instantly have so many
fans and for a long time I thought it
was just gonna because like nadeshot
would just bring along his like whole
crew and YouTube subs but it's actually
a lot of native what I was saying a shot
was pretty critical I think in there and
their popularity like think about this
at the start of split the first episode
of the heist was like literally ney shot
talking into a camera that's the only
episode of the heist Gabe is in the
audience right now my roommate I already
was a nominate that was enough to
jumpstart and he still is a significant
part of their stuff and like you did an
interview with him I watched the entire
interview and by the end of it I was
like holy I love hunter thieves
because nation shot is that like
interesting I mean admit it admittedly I
did an interview with nadeshot going
into it with like hundred thieves is the
stupidest team yeah and then as soon as
I was done with the interview I never
thought about the name exactly that's my
point is like I think he did a lot of
work to make that team a a not
necessarily a household name but like to
the point where you look past the name
but I do I think but I do think a lot of
it is not just his his personality but
the work that he's been doing and that
his team has been doing right I don't
need to cut it off at nature but I'm
saying like he was a great gateway drug
into liking hundred thieves as an organ
this is we have a pharmacist in the
audience maybe she can help give comment
here and then I'm not sure but I I don't
know I I just am really impressed with
how the hundred thief stuff is gone so
it's and it's cool to hear that you're
you're rooting for them over you know
that they have fans that have just come
in and done that so oddly hot takes I
mean liquid only gave me this Jersey
after I had to work for them
for a year and then nadeshot just gave
me a free jersey yeah well he's not he
don't want let anybody else buy his
jersey well you know it's okay you gave
it away to is that easily it's a
valuable piece of art yes true Kevin
thanks so much for coming on who you
rooting for on Sunday oh yeah who do you
think is gonna wear something for them
what what's the record 303 oh wow how
about their fourth less biased I'll go
to Klutch demon clutch Gary they fought
the harder competition so yeah that's
why they in there oh wow holy moly okay
thank you so much Kevin for coming on
really appreciate you James up yeah I
think it's I think it's time for - dark
Josh - come on people we need some
mascara for dark - some eyeliner
whatever you want everyone - ah - how
you doing I'm doing well how have you
been in Miami before why is this how
it's wrapped around the chair very
little slack yeah just trying to like
control your guests touchy subject in a
weird sense
I chose this seat very specifically
because this is where I sit yeah so it's
very natural for me to only look less
yes and you're doing the hand thing I
know I don't want to talk to you more
conce a little bit about what you think
is this this always with the hands down
there have you is this your first time
in Miami no the first time I was in
Miami was probably when I was like 10 11
years old so in all honesty this is your
first real experience I'll say last time
I was here was just all the parks I was
pleasantly surprised because I I
wouldn't mitt I was one of those people
that when I heard we were going to
Florida I was like yeah but Miami is
different I hate heat I want a swamp
wait for excellent Gators I just upset
aphromoo I'm sorry budget aphromoo no I
I despise heat I can't deal with its
humidity as well that's why I left New
York New York New York summer but have
you been to New York summers yes and I
and I lived in Del Mar this is a mile
from the beach or
you got like 75 to 65 degrees year-round
Oh weed and it's wonderful that's my
point
and so I came here expecting to be
miserable and then I was very pleasantly
surprised I've only been here for about
24 hours but so far I've had a blast
we're out of the beach today had some
great Cuban food I'm ready for some
sweet games
well we have a audience member up here
what's what's your name
Ron Ron welcome to the hotline League
purple hair yeah Ron has purple hair I
don't know if that's gonna show up or
not but it's pretty cool
we're on where are you from I'm from
Detroit Detroit give me my clothes there
a little bit yeah a little bit closer
okay okay and and they'll fix you know
there's one guy back there that's one
guy who's usually everything so Ron uh
what and you I'm gonna ask this question
though Mike did you fly from Detroit to
Miami now I walk from did you walk from
Detroit okay when you give five miles
yeah this morning okay and you are where
you are you just here for LCS finals
yeah yeah nice Ron what do you want to
talk about if you can craft the Power
Team out of any player playing in na LCS
right now what what's the mega team for
na LCS your dream team well doublelift I
would pick him that would that's an easy
no I don't feel like we should have
asked this question when Kobe or Jabbar
up here sadly we have you sadly you have
me I know you got opinions right I never
felt there justified only was ever gonna
question James didn't have an an answer
to remember so any and if I we ignoring
import restrictions here because I feel
like that's a whole nother life I assume
like keeping to two imports to imports
oh my goodness
I want to say okay I mean I essentially
would take probably my ballot from from
all team right when ALCS all team which
now I have to remember in the jungle I
believe that was exceeding my top one
right now which is when I skipped it was
in hooni oh yeah Unni there you go wait
how did I forget that all right
honey and then it was either it's either
Exmouth e'er doc and I have questions
I'd probably go with expand because I
have more faith in him as a leader than
I do as then as doc in his ability to
communicate and work with a team and so
I will take someone who's more practiced
and a veteran in a role that demands
arguably more communication than any
other role may be other than support on
a team you go to the midlane I'll pick
Jensen over bjergsen and the other week
I know that's probably one of the more
controversial things out there I will
pick Jensen because I will take someone
in the midlane who's willing to in my
opinion to take more risks and seeing as
how that in my opinion that's where the
entire game revolves around the midlane
right and so in in some senses you need
to have your mid laner needs to be the
one who's willing to make plays and take
risks in the bot lane I probably who
from historically speaking I would
choose sneaky after it at after this
split I would choose double it uh and
and the reason that is is because I've
always any of the other caches will tell
you I've always been like the biggest
sneaky fanboy when I first joined the
team I was like Sneaky's the best ADC in
the NA LCS this was four years ago and
doublelift was like perennial II vote
voted better than him better than him
better than him and I was always like no
I swear to God sneaky is definitely
better I value consistency consistency
consistency and then this year was kind
of the first time where I saw a sneaky
crumble and I saw a double if step up to
the plate and so in the immediacy of
today I would pick doublelift and then
in support ooh
I mean I probably go aphromoo simply
must this moment I I voted I would I
will tell you what my vote was I voted
for a from MVP that's what I voted for
and so given that I would pick a fro
move to round out their roster so I like
your list my only problem with it is
that a lot of those guys are resource
intensive so I feel like Smith is gonna
be like what does he do with that - yeah
I have to be everywhere all the time so
then my question is do I want to swap
out like where do I want to swap people
out
I feel like top lane is such a volatile
I would argue that that would probably
what you swap out right you probably you
bring in someone like impact or someone
like someday here like alright he could
perform he's not gonna have as high as a
Sunni and whatnot but
if I have to choose someone who can just
go even in lane can show up to fights
knows how to execute both on carries and
tanks then maybe you're looking at
someone like someday or flame as fian
and and even mark I love to hear so
maybe you have someone like that if you
have serious concerns around resource
distribution yeah I think I like some
day because it I feel like you struggle
sometimes to synergize with his teams
like I think I saw that a little bit in
Dignitas and again a little bit in 800
thieves early on the split where he kind
of felt like it was like well what do i
do on this team but assuming you can
synergize with them I think I think some
day might be my top laner and I would
keep most the rest of your team Pearson
first Jensen I'll do tryouts try gonna
make up try any 1v1 in the middle and
scrims with one guy run some squid
screams with the other you know we'll
figure it out but I feel like those -
you guys are real close so I'm very
content minded so I would just build
Travis's all content it's like whichever
five players have gotten the most views
in my interviews foody Coody talk dar
talk jungle bjergsen mid doublelift
aphromoo bot lane it's just yeah I think
that's a pretty good I mean there's
actually a pretty solidly good though
all about but yeah he brought the
question I know he wants price takes a F
Ramona bot lane with meteos in the
jungle either medias or doc in the
jungle with some day up top and it's is
only barracks ain't you know Jensen in
the mid lane
so it's either one of those you can swap
it out the other way which one would you
pick probably gen see yes he takes risks
in like in the mid lane you kind of need
that wow stick saying Africa hold their
own in the by I feel I was recently told
we have an opening on the analyst desk
for this for this weekend if you were
looking to if you have a couple three
hours on Saturday or Sunday let me know
let me know their work is not gonna be
Ron Ron who do you think is gonna win on
Friday
sorry Sunday hundred these how come you
couldn't tell laughter do you see what
shirt he's baseball shirt couldn't
afford hundred two hundred the hundred
themes merchandise has been the biggest
topic of conversation
on the show it's probably great for that
mercury there's definitely some like
value and exclusivity and like the
scarcity of a product but at some point
it's kind of like you know just charge
like $200 for it and make people shell
out and you still sell your hundred
shirts just make more of them Ron's like
yeah I agree
Ron thank you so much for coming on I
really appreciate this was a fun
question
no problem thank you all right so mark
do you want to just we could bring two
people up instead you could take a break
for a second what is this like get me
out of here
where's what I mean oh he's in the back
yeah I was thinking we could to have two
team owners pop up really quickly
oh yeah I don't care I just that was
very nebulously worded yeah I'm hunter
have sunglasses on Hunter Nick if Nick
is Nick sober enough to be on Nick is
Nick is never sober enough to be on he's
just sober enough
okay just sober enough to come on okay
okay all right I mean they can see them
on the lap and share a microphone I
don't know I'm fine to take a fiver yeah
all right so we know he took a seat but
I get to ask a question yeah can I kick
it off so who-who is higher in the
standings well my name is and I am the
head of eSports for the golden Guardians
and I going to see warriors I'm Nick
Allen with CLG yeah whoo
so I saw Jersey out there what's your
name what's your name sir Daniel
Daniel I don't you see that stick stays
in the front row over here yeah
guardians jersey here in the audience I
haven't looked completely Nick your also
do CLG stuff out here yeah I work for
CLG he said that yeah so you guys are
both you guys I just wanted to
reestablish you guys are both here
though your teams are not yes what
there's a there's an owners meeting like
the team owners or team representatives
and riot get together
nick is actually just here for spring
break - was on my flight we were right
in front of me exactly that we didn't
know that and then I there was a guy
there's a guy that would not stop
talking he was the NFL he does some
kinda he was an ex-navy seal wow it went
from what was say how are you doing - it
was ears - every NFL first yeah yeah hi
welcome to our row - like let me tell
you about my life across this other
woman who did not want to be
conversational the aisle and she was
literally just like I don't know how to
navigate these two people who are loud
conversation across the middle seat is
just the worst oh great nice you're
really engaged with that guy did my best
man Robert Stella this do you
performance group founding partners
fascinatingly he's worked with like
according to him like six or seven
different NFL teams but anyway you had a
question yeah yeah so I showed up saw
this crowd and then I saw what you were
wearing oh this is a great has this come
along shows my read is that you bought
that especially so show own owner rent
owner rent well I wanted the backstory
my grandfather fought in World War two
at their dorm I'm glad I'm glad Nick I
think actually so ovie who is in the
front row as soon as I said we were
going to a Miami hotline League and try
to do it live he said you have to get
like the white is this his suit that
he'd loaned you know he so he tailored
this suit no and so actually he
connected with me with some friends
brand and Rachel who may or may not be
watching they run a company called a
tail they took me out help me pick this
out so that I would have something
special for this so you bought this
that's one of the rental oh it is a
rental how I do that at some point in
time I have to return actually the funny
story is I think I will get charged more
if I don't return it on Sunday so I
might be looking for like a Men's
Wearhouse and the great this is like a
rent-to-own situation yeah yeah your
pajama by hate comfort is key yes hey
Mark you know what I think you look
great
did you guys show up with the Indian by
the way yes we did also on our flight
you just roll in as far back on the
plane well you were busy Dan Tim is here
representing Team solomid okay very good
actually they're not Team solomid
anymore I guess they're just empty there
we go they're actually it's really crazy
voices coming from his mouth like
alright so how the owners meeting go
that's a question crew yeah who's
getting kicked out
he always said one name Coby campaigning
for that this is true we were at dinner
and there were rioters there including
people technically above Coby in the
chain of command oh and there were
several comments about how drunk is Coby
on air right now
yeah and people were checking the stream
to see checked out though here looking
good both these guys used to work for
riot true now they do this there was a
time when I had to take take orders from
them they said some true I'd have to do
it yep I can't I mean honestly there in
a sense I could say whatever I want on
air right encourage you to say the most
risque buddies yeah but this is a little
bit different for you guys you guys are
now on the show that there's a time
before where I think it'd been a little
bit more difficult for you guys to show
up half drunk and wander in I haven't
half drunk I don't know okay so has it
changed
it is interesting being on the other
side of the conversations I I think I've
learned a lot of stuff in the transition
and and team ownership is not exactly
what I thought but I do think probably
it just makes things less adversarial in
a good way right like I'm very
sympathetic to to the riot positions and
and I think I like I think we can both
we we benefit as team owners from our
time at riot for sure I think riot
benefits us for having team owners who
who understand where they're coming from
yeah make you have anything insightful
no it was I will say we were the two we
were the two most casually dressed
owners in the meeting but the number of
people who were like you look like
you're dressed for Miami well if you
know Aaron like jeans and and loser
who's the best-dressed John Robinson
from hundreds yeah John John is super
sharp
except for insisting on wearing the
hundred thieves dad hat everywhere he
goes I think he looks good yeah he pulls
it off alright I'm done with you guys
that's what you guys think is gonna win
on Sunday deal
I gotta be a contrarian I'll say hundred
thieves thieves oh no you're Travis
dressed up yeah he normally wears this
on the show and so and you thought that
was here we are screaming take off your
pants to mark I don't yeah that's way
better very disappointed you guys canal
all right goodbye yeah who's coming to
be railing the show yeah we only had a
half hour left we couldn't just wait for
the show to get derailed on its own
yeah mark I know we have several more
famous people that showed up you can
decide if you want to bring them up or
if you want to bring up oh I mean famous
people can I get that - wanted to crush
your cup I want to flame spiciest take
by deco feel free to raise it he's
confident far less people's confidence I
don't even know what his question is no
no mark mark go out there find somebody
uh by the way thank you to some more
folks who threw us 4012 cherry whip
norse thunder Sarek who says thanks Owen
by HP that's always nice Sookie XD
subbed yon star who I believe is yoni
saying loving the white suit
Miz cussler ruffles 589 costume Jerry
picked that comment again no or that was
specifically a sub yep Ginja Bard
real foxy gifted a sub - skipper my old
roommate and event Nexus 3 sub so thank
you to everybody as well as a youngster
up with the bits thanks everyone for
supporting this
doing the show and Miami considerably
more expensive because I have to pay for
Kobe's a little worried about that one
it so Miami drinks rx but it's pretty
nice being out here in the fresh air off
the beach
why would I defend you Kobe op they had
to buy your last drink
[Laughter]
speaking of Kobe we're getting low and
it's your turn to buy minutes or so I
guess we don't have a heart out but Luke
would like if we didn't go I mean I gave
the first three two hours and I get the
second two hours right I don't think
that's pretty sure that's what we agreed
on so hello what is your what is your
name my name is Alex thank you for
bringing the sunglasses on yep yep it's
great Alex Alex were you from Raleigh
North Carolina Raleigh North Carolina
hey great did you fly here yes okay very
good Alex what do you want to talk about
by the way your second is that a
Cloudant hat yes okay representing cloud
nine merch is really I couldn't wear it
the rest of the weekend yeah Alex what
do you want to talk about the show I
wanted to say are I think the best of
ones changed that we went through during
the regular season hurt a lot of the
teams going into playoffs because we
went to best of fives and c9 TSM who
even during the analyst stage they said
we think they'll play or they're you
know coaching staff should adapt really
well and everyone hit them after their
matches or they lost they're like well
they didn't draft they didn't change the
draft c9
kept banning top and then TSM didn't ban
Thresh and I feel like if we had
practice with something other than best
ones Alex you you know when you go to
like Taco Bell you can pick the
spiciness of the flavor hot sauce that
you get I would like you to pick the
spiciness of dashes rebuttal to this how
comfortable are you with them going on
so yeah I guess those questions do you
want - to go first and then the robot I
want just like I want Alex decide how
aggressive - gets I'm a stranger in the
audience you'll never meet me again okay
so this is this is tough one because
yeah there were good questions out there
yeah I know and this is a this is a good
question and I think it's hard to come
to a defined and like you know
determined answer but what I will say in
opposition to that I'm gonna play the
opposition here alright so I'll play the
opposition to this which is that every
team is still playing in a sense what
would be a best of three against another
team and that if they win both right
over the course of a split they they
will have a 2o over the other team
beyond that a majority of players in the
na LCS they've played through best of
fives they've played through best of
ones and they've played thousands if not
and maybe six they can verify this tens
of thousands of games just online like I
can't even imagine how many hours of
League of Legends you have logged in
your lifetime these guys understand how
the game works and to say that they need
a game to warm up or two games to warm
up into a best-of-five I would always
contest that in a professional scene to
be a professional athlete you have to be
able to perform under the conditions
that are given and expressed to you at
the beginning of the split all these
things are laid out for you very clearly
defined here is what is needed to be
successful as a pro whether in the NFL
whether the in the NBA or whether you're
in League of Legends you either have to
win best of threes best of fives or best
of ones then you have to go to a
playoffs and you have to perform through
that and single elimination and you
ultimately have to win a best-of-five in
the finals like those things are laid
out for you and if you know this and if
you are actually the best of the best
you will perform to those expectations
no matter the circumstance no matter the
environment you got a runner who's out
there at 30 degrees you know Fahrenheit
freezing and he's used to training in 70
I don't care that's how that works every
other runner out there that day is also
running in 30 degrees every other player
on that stage is playing in a best-of
one with you so in my opinion the
argument that a best-of-five or a format
of best Stubbs hurts any team as
compared to another team is made
essentially no one void based on that
because everyone's dealing with the same
circumstance and ultimately if if that's
what's laid out that's what you have to
perform to now on a personal level being
a league fan I want to see more league
so trust me if it were if it were my
choice if
were my choice I would watch more League
of Legends I would love to go back to
best-of-three simply because I get to
watch more like why wouldn't I watching
two games at the same time story want to
talk about marking my for a full year
last year sitting in the analyst says
just the two of us before we got Jack to
help us out but like we had two games up
simultaneously trying to dart back
between both of them build segments for
both because we don't know which one's
going to end sooner and then one does
end we're in the middle of a segment the
other one ends while we're in that
segment I have a producer jumping in my
ear going hey the game ended and I'm
pinging him back while marks talking
going well what happened like how do I
analyze this and he'll give me like the
quick two bullet points like so
basically they one bot lane transition
that towards the Baron they got a good
fight they're at 25 minutes and then
they won the game I make great I'll
pretend like I know what I'm talking
about and that's how that's how we kind
of had to operate the desk in that in
that regard but I'm taking your question
regardless of broadcast right regardless
of what my job demands and looking more
at the competition and ultimately I
think that once again as a professional
you have to be able to step up in the
given circumstances and I don't like the
idea that format is ever used as an
excuse for underperformance can I
absolutely just please do I wanted to I
think of like last split and c9
performance when they would in the world
particularly they came in with some I
think some spicy strategies at Worlds
and the group stage and everything else
I thought when they brought out with
impact ironically and he brought out
this inch top that was insane and then
we got hit with it this time but we came
in with a plan and then it didn't seem
like we remembered that there was a game
2 and game 3 I think that and then TSM
felt like the same thing they won game 1
they're like awesome great next yeah oh
wait there's two more we got to play
with and then it continued right so but
what what about the team they played
like that came in I've no plan for game
2 103 game 4 in game 5 that's my point
one team showed up prepared for the
given circumstances and one team did not
but all of that was known leading up to
this point and so again
trust me it sucks it sucks listen I was
just as big a fan of what cloud9 did at
Worlds and I thought that was so
incredible the innovation that they came
in with and that's what I want to see
more of but I don't think you have to
give people best of threes in order to
tell them that hey you should also have
stuff in the bank to pull out when
you're in a best-of-five you should know
that that's coming not so much about
like you know with TSM Club these guys
have played best of series a lot and
like stranger yeah I would I would not
have expected that have had a lot of
playoff or sorry the best of practice to
do really well PSM last year everybody
said that they lost their first game all
the time and they they'd win the series
or whatever so I didn't know it's a
different lineup now but it's it's a bit
of a surprise I think I mean go ahead I
was gonna say I understand some of the
some of the points being made just that
like yeah I think you can you can say
TSM and c9 didn't really adapt to all of
what was going on with a series and for
c9 like they were trending downhill the
entire second half the split like they
were three and seven three and eight or
something at that point where they had
dropped all the way from tied for first
- what were they fifth let's not talk
about it yeah it's like I you gotta talk
about it like they were they were kind
of a team at that point like they
were not one of the favorites coming
playoff so like I understand why they
lost yes em I think was a favorite and I
think a lot of teams would people would
still argue that they were the better
team but I think you can point to the
fact that Jaco was on fire that day and
they didn't respect that so like right
see that I and again I guess I guess
what you're getting at or I'm gonna
suppose a thought I'm gonna where's in
your mouth yeah that's exactly what i'ma
just tell me if I'm wrong please but
what you're saying is that in best of
threes they have the opportunity to
practice that more so that in that
best-of-five when they recognize holy
crap Jaco is going off now we're more
prepared to adjust to that right we're
more prepared to as a team to say we
need to react to what's happening in the
moment to have a better plan in game
three four five right I think for the
TSM example I think this was their first
chance to play from down in the
best-of-five and as a team I think they
probably made a call say I think we can
beat the thresh they lost this one and
it meant everything versus if they
played this in the regular season and
they had
like a best-of-three and they realized
hey someone's hot on something we don't
have time to risk that let's just ban it
get it off the table that just their
team mentality and a coaching draft that
they didn't adapt to I think that hurt
them here and I think the same thing for
c9 I think they came in with a certain
plan and they were like we're gonna
stick to this plan and and we're gonna
see it through and we're gonna play it
out with one play and it didn't work out
and I think and then they're done
and they only had one shot to try it and
that was it and if they had more time
with this team with this roster even
though all of them have been practiced
but I don't know but I just feel like
they're just rusty with doing it and as
a league I know that the other teams
performed well with it but as a league I
think it had been more I think those
matches would have gone differently
obviously but in an alternate universe
those matches would've gone differently
if all those same teams were still there
and all of them had practiced in a best
of situation I think they would have
made a difference I would think they
made a different cause I think c9 would
have probably had a different band phase
after game two or at least game three
and then TSM would have been like we can
pie plate playing against Thresh one
more time and then we're banning it off
and then they would have been in a
best-of one or two but they would still
be not playing against it down the whole
time just like I always liked best the
threes more was that shrugging each
other okay I think I think when best the
three change came through I was really
down with it cuz I was kind of under the
impression that the tournament structure
would change as well to the point where
like you no longer see best of ones even
in the group stage but when that change
didn't come through and Besant ones are
just a vital part of the international
infrastructure as it is III that point
is like well why even have best of
threes you know you never play best of
threes in international company play
best of ones and best of five so like I
think the regular-season and postseason
shouldn't match what happens at
international competitions exactly and
that's what it does now right right and
that's what I think is like you should
learn how to perform in best of ones and
then you need to perform in best of
fives and if you can't perform in those
two situations and like I don't really
care and this is a lot of the
entertainment aspect of all of this
right didn't even touch on the idea that
like hey sometimes it can be really
boring to watch hey no I do gerson smash
the 10 team and
also sometimes I'm interesting to watch
nine and ten slug it out for three games
right yes it's interesting to watch one
and two slug it out for there was there
were 10k viewership streams with like
Digg plus a tenth place team like p1
like no one watched it we didn't so
we're only time for that go outside for
a while we actually do need a cert I
want to shout out your patreon supporter
thank you thank you so much I thank you
for the spicy question it was a really
good question I'm gonna win on Sunday
I'm pulling for a hundred T 100 T okay
forget thank you alright so uh should we
try and grab this going yeah yeah cuz
teams playing tomorrow Sebastian are you
down to come up yes yes exactly
people can't hear you until you sit down
look you have to bounce garner and Olaf
if you can't play both sides of match up
right like it's not we're diving right
in yeah I love this there's no context
yeah I heard I heard this question I was
like I think I honestly think that
people are giving song too much crap
like songs of really good coach he like
was thinking about the jungle matches me
play Mike Young again I think that you
have a bot lane that never dies and they
died a couple times and you know things
go one way or the other I think that's
the biggest thing from from my
perspective is like okay so Sven died
like five times in the second half of
the year then died six times in a single
game or whatever Bali fell apart
so hey Travis I catch your name it my
name is Sebastian Park where you from
I'm from Houston Texas are gone and
let's not talk about and and you for
those that don't know I run clutch gamey
well congratulations on making it to
Miami oh yeah we did a couple owners on
here that did not do that no I mean we
should give them more props cuz I I want
to be here yeah like they had to be here
well anyway so let's talk a little bit
about tomorrow why is your team gonna
win so we're not favored and
we're not favorite is Lee really no way
no really pulling James how do you want
me to do that okay if you think that
clutch gaming's gonna win ready go
all right now if you think echovox is
gonna win ready go so in all honesty
there's a lot of recency bias here right
like we played a really good series
against hundred thieves in KSM oh and
TSM put up with those guys and then the
like echo box didn't look great against
Team Liquid but teamwork was probably
the best team in the LCS right now and
so like that makes it seem as though
clutch gaming has a better shot I still
think we're the underdog here and I
think if you ever to ask Vegas not that
we should ask Vegas but if you were to
ask Vegas what are the lines I'm pretty
sure somebody in twitch chat go look it
up real quick I think I feel like there
might be some money in the end
I'm almost certainly if you account for
big that 100 sorry no hundred thieves
that echo fox is probably favourite
against us i I love this cuz I get to
feel like Sebastian is afraid cuz all
split long he's been the underdogs no
one's believed in them he's like no no
one should believe there's a one game or
mark believe in us and we won that game
like if you do consider if you truly
consider yourselves to be the underdogs
tomorrow one I want to know why and then
two I want to know how you think you
guys cover that weakness and end up
winning and of course without giving
strategy but like where do you guys
think that you're considered underdogs
like I don't see it so I would say and
this is a cliche so like let's ignore
the the background for this but
generally speaking when you play a best
of anything series you want the best
player on the court and like I think
some events better than human but like
that event think so he's really good we
forget the first conversation let's talk
about febiven I mean Looney I'm a little
bit upset that when you guys were
talking about bjergsen and Jensen
earlier that I almost knew
you stopped no I just didn't feel like
no I mean I think I mean just in terms
of mid laners I was talking to is hunter
still here because I'm I think he's
drinking over there was like I think I
think from mid lane there are two main
styles to play mid lane right now there
is the more Korean esque roaming style
which is you know hi although he's not
Korean flying you Ryu honestly like who
he also plays a similar like roaming
style and then there is do you like you
all take care of yourself style that the
law the european Bellator's player like
jensen bjergsen that have been pole
belters learned from his european
brethren like there's that style and and
in my opinion least right now in the
current stay of league of legends this
latter style is just a dominant style
like the previous style you like guys
like expec a and Ocelot just running at
each other and killing each other even
even Reggie
like Reggie was the kind of guy who just
like not CS that much and just like try
to kill you
sometimes it would work sometimes it
wouldn't because of that change so I'm
so confused all of a sudden because
you're talking about feather than being
better than hooni right yeah so I'm sure
then why are you underdogs that's a
great question I don't get it you just
said you might have the best doors on
your team in the mid lane and in one of
the most lopsided matchups because
before you said that febiven was better
than honey I know that we on the analyst
desk already believe well against up in
the first game right remember when he
was playing as a mine holy crap like
like he's like a regular tomorrow's
three months ago no I mean like if
anything I think I have a lot of faith
in that guys my coaching staff has spent
a lot of time over the last few days
basically from the moment we lost Game
five we were like well we can't analyze
a 70 minute game right now so well table
this for later
trust me we tried we tried we had it we
were tasked with that you she got break
up into four games so you gotta break up
to the first time you win games like
that happen on the ants desk we are
literally we create like 17 different
segments because we're like okay if the
game ends at 35 minutes with this team
winning this is the segment and then as
soon as a fight happens that seems to
suggest something you know like the
other team I would okay okay so then in
the case that this team wins we're gonna
do this but if the game goes another 20
minutes let's cut these four replays
look like it is the most stressful thing
ever to watch a 70 minute game I'm sure
I'm sure it's trust analyze and not and
not be like person not be like invested
in so I mean I would say that public
perception has echo Fox worse but
they're still assaulting right like yes
if they I think I think was after game
one against TL there was that phase
Sunni made the camera turned to him
where he was just like give me Camille
like give me give me a game plan or give
me something like that and I think that
puts us drafts warp around who need more
than they warp around better than or
bjergsen or anyone else in the league
right like when you have to draft
against these guys and you're drafting
and Sunni you have to take the time to
be like well there's uni we pink solo
can you know so does well against Union
scrims occasionally and does poorly
against him occasionally and does even
against him occasionally but you start
to respect Cooney on stage and so we
have to draft around that and that and
that warps the game in two ways that you
don't expect I really like that point
I'm just I want to say that really
interesting and for what's worth dude I
would not have voted for out remove for
MVP I think it's definitely honey
there's no player in the LCS that warps
the game around him as much as Sunni and
that's very yeah he was my number two to
be clear but no but I actually really
liked that point because I think that is
something that is relatively
unrecognized in League of Legends is
what a player's persona their aura this
identity can can do to other teams right
again like I think the person who
probably possesses it the most in the NA
LCS and that's simply because we have
the most exposure to him as bjergsen
right but he doesn't even necessarily
warp your champion select because
ultimately they're like well I mean
we've seen him on zillion all the way
syndra yes we'd like to see him on
playmakers that's what I like to see I
was gonna say that like Furby Eriksen
there are two like schools of thought on
how to handle them one is like give him
his pick of the litter he's gonna
perform no matter what matter what and
then sometimes it's like ban him out and
these simple forms on another kiss right
next time we're gonna put you in a
different seat so that you can't just do
the analyst sorry there's only three
people on the show Joe gave you a mic no
Sebastian so you you guys play tomorrow
you you think that you guys are he
thinks there's interesting way of
putting it
what's the score 3-1 31 ok 1 I think we
lose game 1 we went to game 2 and they
know be a nail-biter game and then we
win games 3 & 4 you think their mental
boom because I think one thing clutch
has is pretty strong mentality whereas
like I think in the echo fox regime like
what series you saw a couple people and
on echo Fox's team just kind of like I
wanna say give up but we're willing to
take bad fights that they knew were bad
look we have so much experience being
behind it's a great look I mean you guys
have you guys have had to in it to be
crude about it you've had to you know
you've had to wade your way through the
like this entire split right in a
sense you were the ones that were
underrated for so long you guys were we
we played that whole idea of the line
right you're so consistent beating
everyone below you but not above you so
I gotta say the line is such an
interesting concept right because if you
look at the win percentages of all the
teams and playoffs and you check the win
percentages of them versus other teams
in playoffs none of them have a good
record against other teams of playoffs
because they only play up the one the
one win spread right right so like if
you put the line at TSM it makes them
look really bad but if you put the line
under TSM I think a couple of their
teams
I don't think look worse because that
you guys were 3 in 3 and 7 verse this is
just than their I like I keep like like
he was so bad
which is why I'm happy to have a go for
it it's just it's funny because a lot
that you guys are obsessed with like the
line because this was such a big analyst
task element for you guys
Sebastian's happy talking about it
forever because it's it's the clutch
thing but unfortunately Kobe is yelling
very loudly from over there and drinking
so I feel I feel like we need to call it
before we go Travis I got a question for
you sure do you like Miami I like Miami
do you like these people they're amazing
[Music]
there we go
do you like Miami do you like Travis for
coming on last question who in Sunday
Sunday I I want to say to l-3 oh all
right like it's like you know what you
know on Team Liquid play clown 9 in the
quarterfinals yeah that was the first
time there's there that week that their
games went beyond 25 minutes cuz in
scrims had one in 20 minutes against
everyone 36 hours of like that
yeah they talked about that a little bit
and you guys were the team that was kind
of validating their statements because
you guys like yeah we got smashed by
Team Liquid I understand why they didn't
think we were a real team I think Lyra
had an interview we got three OTO very
good well thank you so much for coming
on the show thank you and best of luck
tomorrow I feel like you guys are the
favorites so thank you so much have a
good one all right so I have two
microphones that's not fit that way so
mark what do you want to say that I'm
too often we should crazy the speakers
off the PA system so yeah we'll get
another drink
next time I'll sit in the middle we are
about 13 minutes over time so we can
sort of do the wrap-up
mark do you have anything that you want
to say no - on behalf of all the riot
folks that came up today whoa whoa whoa
that say was thank you guys so much for
having the show I'm putting this on
inviting us as guests all four of us we
got a blast
I think the setup was incredible
especially for a first-time attempt here
like at a salute door light every one of
you to ask us some really tough and
spicy questions
the spicy is right over there I love it
thank you guys so much and otherwise I'm
just excited for some sweet games this
weekend I'm hoping for some full five
game series yeah well thank you so much
to us all so awfully really thanks for
coming out everybody's been great
don't you mean Luke I know where you
live I actually thought that this was
going to be a dumpster fire like mark so
I think as much as I hate it maybe round
of applause for Travis for actually
putting this yeah so so here's the hate
me to say this here's here's how this
show happen here's how this show
happened mark on hotline League
I'm sorry Travis we're out of time music
said we should do a live show Kelby
really liked it the whole idea started
coming and at that time during the show
Luke who is my life producer for the
show worked with me at Yahoo he messaged
me and said I will live produce hot line
League in Miami he found the venue he he
booked he got all the gear he did all
this stuff I probably not paying him for
this I should probably toss him
something but he is do life done so much
for basically nothing other than to help
create this so I did virtually nothing
Marc came up with the idea actually
nothing not virtually she showed all the
responsibility and Luke executed on it
Brodin today ran around helps set
everything up help Luke plan all this
stuff did everything so it's really
those guys who really did it we really
want to shout it owned by HP again for
sponsoring their logo supposed to show
up on the screen I'm not sure if that
ever happened so thank you so much to
omen
Loosli mark right now he's my praise
back it sounds like you didn't know I
didn't know Luke is responsible
absolutely and then I thanks to
everybody who showed up I mean people
flew in from all over the place to to
attend this show and then as a bonus na
LCS finals happening this weekend so
thank you guys as a bonus shout out to
twitch chat I didn't get a shout out or
if I didn't get a chance to shout out
your your subscription apologize but
thank you everyone
this is hotline league life
[Applause]